[Style Guide] Content Strategy (#9846)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/component-attributes/product-descriptions.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Product descriptions

---

# Product descriptions

## Definition

Statements about the product and its benefits for customers.

## Used in

[Overview (aka Landing Page)](/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/content-types/overview/), Support home page, Cloudflare Docs home page

## Structure

> There are two product descriptions: short and long. Both descriptions are used in the Overview (aka Landing page) as part of an introduction to the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two product descriptions: short and long. Both descriptions are used in the Overview (also known as the Landing page) as part of an introduction to the product.
```

### Short description

The short description should be a short summary statement about the product. This does not need to be, and ideally should not be, a complete sentence.

**Example**

Cloudflare Registrar: Cloudflare's domain registrar

### Long description

> A long product description should summarize the product and the value or benefits it brings customers. It is comprised of two main assertions: 1) what the product does, and 2) how this benefits the customer. This description is used in the [Overview (aka Landing page)](/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/content-types/overview/) as an introduction to the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A long product description should summarize the product and the value or benefits it brings customers. It is comprised of two main assertions: 1) what the product does, and 2) how this benefits the customer. This description is used in the [Overview (also known as the Landing page)](/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/content-types/overview/) as an introduction to the product.
```
